and there happened to be there a rebel
and there happened to be there a rebel whose name was sheba the son of bichri a
whose name was sheba the son of bichri a
whose name was sheba the son of bichri a Benjamite and he blew a trumpet and said
Benjamite and he blew a trumpet and said
Benjamite and he blew a trumpet and said we have no share in david nor do we have
we have no share in david nor do we have
we have no share in david nor do we have inheritance in the son of Jesse
inheritance in the son of Jesse
inheritance in the son of Jesse every man to his ten so Israel so every
every man to his ten so Israel so every
every man to his ten so Israel so every man of Israel deserted David and
man of Israel deserted David and
man of Israel deserted David and followed sheba the son of bichri but the
followed sheba the son of bichri but the
followed sheba the son of bichri but the men of Judah from the Jordan as far as
men of Judah from the Jordan as far as
men of Judah from the Jordan as far as Jerusalem remained loyal to their king
Jerusalem remained loyal to their king
Jerusalem remained loyal to their king now David came to his house such a ruse
now David came to his house such a ruse
now David came to his house such a ruse Allah and the King took the ten women
Allah and the King took the ten women
Allah and the King took the ten women his concubines whom he had left to keep
his concubines whom he had left to keep
his concubines whom he had left to keep the house and put them in seclusion and
the house and put them in seclusion and
the house and put them in seclusion and supported them but did not go into them
supported them but did not go into them
supported them but did not go into them so they were shut up to the day of their
so they were shut up to the day of their
so they were shut up to the day of their death living in widowhood and the King
death living in widowhood and the King
death living in widowhood and the King said to a Mesa assembled the men of
said to a Mesa assembled the men of
said to a Mesa assembled the men of Judah for me within three days and be
Judah for me within three days and be
Judah for me within three days and be present here yourself so a Mesa went to
present here yourself so a Mesa went to
present here yourself so a Mesa went to assemble the men of Judah but he delayed
assemble the men of Judah but he delayed
assemble the men of Judah but he delayed longer than the set time which David had
longer than the set time which David had
longer than the set time which David had appointed him and David said to her be
appointed him and David said to her be
appointed him and David said to her be shy now Sheba the son of bitter I will
shy now Sheba the son of bitter I will
shy now Sheba the son of bitter I will do us more harm than Absalom take your
do us more harm than Absalom take your
do us more harm than Absalom take your Lord's servants and pursue him lest he
Lord's servants and pursue him lest he
Lord's servants and pursue him lest he find for himself fortified cities and
find for himself fortified cities and
find for himself fortified cities and escape us so jobs men with the kuroh
escape us so jobs men with the kuroh
escape us so jobs men with the kuroh fights the pilla fights and all the
fights the pilla fights and all the
fights the pilla fights and all the mighty men went out after him they went
mighty men went out after him they went
mighty men went out after him they went out of Jerusalem to pursue sheba the son
out of Jerusalem to pursue sheba the son
out of Jerusalem to pursue sheba the son of bikram when they were at the large
of bikram when they were at the large
of bikram when they were at the large stone which is in Gibeon and mesa came
stone which is in Gibeon and mesa came
stone which is in Gibeon and mesa came before them
before them
before them now job was dressed in battle armor on
now job was dressed in battle armor on
now job was dressed in battle armor on it was a belt with a sword fastened in
it was a belt with a sword fastened in
it was a belt with a sword fastened in its sheath at his hips and as he was
its sheath at his hips and as he was
its sheath at his hips and as he was going forward it fell out then joy said
going forward it fell out then joy said
going forward it fell out then joy said to a mesa bayou and health my brother
to a mesa bayou and health my brother
to a mesa bayou and health my brother and Joab took a Mesa by the beard with
and Joab took a Mesa by the beard with
and Joab took a Mesa by the beard with his right hand to kiss him but a Mesa
his right hand to kiss him but a Mesa
his right hand to kiss him but a Mesa did not notice the sword that was in
did not notice the sword that was in
did not notice the sword that was in jobs hand and he struck him in the
jobs hand and he struck him in the
jobs hand and he struck him in the stomach and his entrails poured out on
stomach and his entrails poured out on
stomach and his entrails poured out on the ground and he did not strike him
the ground and he did not strike him
the ground and he did not strike him again
again
again thus he died then Johanna and ABI she I
thus he died then Johanna and ABI she I
thus he died then Johanna and ABI she I his brother pursued sheba the son of
his brother pursued sheba the son of
his brother pursued sheba the son of bichri meanwhile one of Jeff's men stood
bichri meanwhile one of Jeff's men stood
bichri meanwhile one of Jeff's men stood near a Mesa and said whoever favors Joab
near a Mesa and said whoever favors Joab
near a Mesa and said whoever favors Joab and whoever is for David follow Joab but
and whoever is for David follow Joab but
and whoever is for David follow Joab but a Mesa wallowed in his blood in the
a Mesa wallowed in his blood in the
a Mesa wallowed in his blood in the middle of the highway and when the man
middle of the highway and when the man
middle of the highway and when the man saw that all the people stood still he
saw that all the people stood still he
saw that all the people stood still he moved a Mesa from the highway to the
moved a Mesa from the highway to the
moved a Mesa from the highway to the field and through a garment over him
field and through a garment over him
field and through a garment over him when he saw that everyone who came upon
when he saw that everyone who came upon
when he saw that everyone who came upon him halted when he was removed from the
him halted when he was removed from the
him halted when he was removed from the highway all the people went on after
highway all the people went on after
highway all the people went on after Joab to pursue sheba the son of bichri
Joab to pursue sheba the son of bichri
Joab to pursue sheba the son of bichri and he went through all the tribes of
and he went through all the tribes of
and he went through all the tribes of israel to Abel and Beth America and all
israel to Abel and Beth America and all
israel to Abel and Beth America and all the B rights so they were gathered
the B rights so they were gathered
the B rights so they were gathered together and also went after sheba then
together and also went after sheba then
together and also went after sheba then they came and besieged him enable of
they came and besieged him enable of
they came and besieged him enable of beth may occur and they cast up a siege
beth may occur and they cast up a siege
beth may occur and they cast up a siege mound against the city and it stood by
mound against the city and it stood by
mound against the city and it stood by the rampart and all the people who were
the rampart and all the people who were
the rampart and all the people who were with Joab battered the wall to throw it
with Joab battered the wall to throw it
with Joab battered the wall to throw it down then a wise woman cried out from
down then a wise woman cried out from
down then a wise woman cried out from the city hear hear
the city hear hear
the city hear hear please say to Joab come near by that I
please say to Joab come near by that I
please say to Joab come near by that I may speak with you when he had come near
may speak with you when he had come near
may speak with you when he had come near to her the woman said are you Joab I am
to her the woman said are you Joab I am
to her the woman said are you Joab I am hear the words of your maidservant I am
hear the words of your maidservant I am
hear the words of your maidservant I am listening
listening
listening they used to talk in former time saying
they used to talk in former time saying
they used to talk in former time saying they shall surely seek guidance a table
they shall surely seek guidance a table
they shall surely seek guidance a table and so they would end disputes I am
and so they would end disputes I am
and so they would end disputes I am among the peaceable and faithful in
among the peaceable and faithful in
among the peaceable and faithful in Israel you seek to destroy a city and a
Israel you seek to destroy a city and a
Israel you seek to destroy a city and a mother in Israel why would you swallow
mother in Israel why would you swallow
mother in Israel why would you swallow up the inheritance of the Lord far be it
up the inheritance of the Lord far be it
up the inheritance of the Lord far be it far be it from me that I should swallow
far be it from me that I should swallow
far be it from me that I should swallow up or destroy that is not so but a man
up or destroy that is not so but a man
up or destroy that is not so but a man from the mountains of Ephraim sheba the
from the mountains of Ephraim sheba the
from the mountains of Ephraim sheba the son of bichri by name has raised his
son of bichri by name has raised his
son of bichri by name has raised his hand against the king against david
hand against the king against david
hand against the king against david deliver him only and I will depart from
deliver him only and I will depart from
deliver him only and I will depart from the city watch his head will be thrown
the city watch his head will be thrown
the city watch his head will be thrown to you over the wall then the woman and
to you over the wall then the woman and
to you over the wall then the woman and her wisdom went to all the people
her wisdom went to all the people
her wisdom went to all the people and they cut off the head of sheba the
and they cut off the head of sheba the
and they cut off the head of sheba the son of bichri and threw it out to joy
then he blew a trumpet and they withdrew
then he blew a trumpet and they withdrew from the city every man to his tent so
from the city every man to his tent so
from the city every man to his tent so Joab returned to the king at Jerusalem
Joab returned to the king at Jerusalem
Joab returned to the king at Jerusalem and Joab was over all the army of Israel
and Joab was over all the army of Israel
and Joab was over all the army of Israel benaiah the son of jehoiada was over the
benaiah the son of jehoiada was over the
benaiah the son of jehoiada was over the Qura fights and the pilla tights a Dolan
Qura fights and the pilla tights a Dolan
Qura fights and the pilla tights a Dolan was in charge of revenue Jehoshaphat the
was in charge of revenue Jehoshaphat the
was in charge of revenue Jehoshaphat the son of a high Lord was recorded Shiva
son of a high Lord was recorded Shiva
son of a high Lord was recorded Shiva was scribed zadok and abiathar were the
was scribed zadok and abiathar were the
was scribed zadok and abiathar were the priests and IRA the Jaya right was a
priests and IRA the Jaya right was a
priests and IRA the Jaya right was a chief minister under David
[Music]
[Music] you